Summary
Fancircle.Live is a Blockchain Based Fantasy Sports Platform where you can play with your skills and knowledge and earn real cash and much more.

What is Fancircle?
Fancircle is a Game of Skill where you create a team of real players for an upcoming sport leagues match and compete with other fans to win big prizes.
Your team earns points based on your players’ performances in the real-life match, Leaderboard is generated as per the aggregate points scored by all the players in the fantasy team. The participant topping the leaderboard after adding up scores in each contest is determined to be the winner. Fancircle token ($FANC) is built on Binance SmartChain Network and it will connect all FanCircle players on the Platform,Fanc token is primary currency that is used in Fancircle app to Buy assests and participate in your favorite games.
$FANC token is based on BSC network and required low fees compared to others that help players to retain their large portion of their winnings.

Features in FanCirle:
Automated market creation
Multisport
Leaderboard
P2P
Liquidity provision
Analytics and player analysis
Trade positions
How Fancircle Works?
Select A Match
users can select their favorite game eg. Cricket,football,hocky etc
Create Your Team
Use your knowledge of sports to pick players for your team.
for example.
Each player has specific points and total points for a team to choose from. For example, a cricket match will have 100 points and 11 players to choose from. Each player is awarded points from 0-12 on the basis of their consistency and performance.
what are points?
points are the cost of a player. In-form and star players typically cost more points, while inexperienced or non-regular players cost less.
Join Contests
Users can Choose between free and paid contests, or even create a new private contest to play with friends. winning slabs are calculated Based on the number of players and participation fees
Withdraw your winning amount
After a match ends, if you’re in the winning zone for a contest, then your winning amount of $FANC tokens will be transferred to your account.
you can use these tokens to join more games or you can withdraw it.
Curiosity about how you can buy $FANC token currently?

Currently $FANC token not yet listed on any exchange, but from the 1st July whitelisting process will start for their investors in that you can try to get whitelist yourself for buying $FANC token earlier. Visit their websites for more information and any questions, visit their telegram group chat.

Fancircle Social Media
Website – Fancircle.Live
Telegram – t.me/fancircle_officialchat
Twitter – twitter.com/FanCirclelive
About Fancircle.live
Fancircle.live is a decentralized fantasy sports platform.Fancircle is built on Binance SmartChain Platform.
Fancircle aims to create a transparent and decentralized system where the user decisions and teams are etched in smart contracts. Systems can’t manipulate the outcome.users can play variety of fantasy games like- Cricket,Football,Vollyball,basketball,Tennis on fancircle Mobile app.
